[ACP-181] Expand ICM use cases (#221)
avalanche-foundation/ACPs: ACPs/181-p-chain-epoched-views/README.md

## Security Considerations

### Epoch P-Chain Height Skew

Because epochs may have [unbounded duration](#epoch-duration-bounds), it is possible for a block's `PChainEpochHeight` to be arbitrarily far behind the tip of the P-Chain. This does not affect the *validity* of ICM verification within a VM that implements P-Chain epoched views, since the validator set at `PChainEpochHeight` is always known. However, the following considerations should be made under this scenario:
1. As validators exit the validator set, their physical nodes may be unavailable to serve BLS signature requests, making it more difficult to construct a valid ICM message
1. A valid ICM message may represent an attestation by a stale validator set. Signatures from validators that have exited the validator set between `PChainEpochHeight` and the current P-Chain tip will not represent active stake.

> Both of these scenarios may be mitigated by producing a block that does not verify any ICM messages, which will force the epoch to advance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Both of these scenarios may be mitigated by having shorter epoch lengths, which limit the delay in time between when the P-Chain is updated and when those updates are taken into account for ICM verification on a given L1.
```
